Docs page (#83)
ocadotechnology/sttp-oauth2: docs/getting-started.md

---
sidebar_position: 1
description: Getting started with sttp-oauth2 
---

# Getting started

## About

This library aims to provide easy integration with OAuth2 providers based on [OAuth2 RFC](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749) using [sttp](https://github.com/softwaremill/sttp) client.
It uses [circe](https://github.com/circe/circe) for JSON serialization/deserialization.

## Installation

To use this library add following dependency to your `build.sbt` file
```scala
"com.ocadotechnology" %% "sttp-oauth2" % "@VERSION@"
```
## Usage

Depending on your use case, please see documentation for the grant you want to support.

> Each grant is implemented in an object with explicit return and error types on methods and additionally, TaglessFinal friendly `*Provider` interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each grant is implemented in an object with explicit return and error types on methods and additionally, Tagless Final friendly `*Provider` interface.
```
